all right hi guys today I'm going to be
cleaning my exhaust
pipes you probably realize after a
little while they get a bit discolored
and not particularly shiny so what we're
going to do today is use auto salt is
just a chrome cleaner and depending on
where you are and probably get it in
America get it in England definitely if
you haven't got any of that all you
could probably use is rubbing compound
which you use for automotive finishing
it's just an abrasive which is what you
want to get all here this color off and
the dirt and lingam all the rubbish
which you get so you can see I've had a
go
I'm a little bit there it's going to
take a little while mainly elbow grease
but we'll see how we get on just use it
with a bit of rag and wipe it off and
away you go
alright I've been doing about 40 minutes
um as you can see it's come up quite
nicely
um it is a bit hard to get to the
manifold connection but just bear with
it and the one in the center or two
which you're gonna be in the center
gonna be a big hard to get to which you
don't really see too much but if we go
around the other side you can see the
difference between the between the pipes
I've done those who have done the I
haven't been round this side to polish
it so it's still I haven't touched these
two I've done this one looked about
there I want to come around this side
and do doing here now it's top halves
which are a lot harder but you can see
see what I like is not too bad but
can look a lot better let's give it a go
there we go all polished out and I run
out of time I've got to go to work
unfortunately so I would like to done it
a little bit better it's come up quite
well see that was probably about one of
the worst near the manifold awfully hard
to get to the one in the center so
unless you want to take it off when you
set a new new pet a new set of pipes or
if you can bothered to do it I can't
really at the moment maybe do it in the
winter but yeah it comes up quite nicely
the worst was the centre pipe where it's
pitted obviously all the crap which gets
thrown up from the cinder wheel there
it's a little bit little bit pitted you
can't really see too much but around
this side and there we go
not bad job took about about two hours I
suppose bit of elbow grease could do
with a bit better job again in a
manifold there but as I said haven't got
too much time but there we go
how to clean your pipes um easily with
rag a bit also so an elbow grease thanks
very much
you